Domonique Griffin
5550 Columbia Pike Rd
Arlington, VA 22204
griffind2009@gmail.com
(240) 273-8089

Summary of Qualifications:

Seasoned project management professional with extensive experience in research and development as well as various instruction. Demonstrated skill in oral and written communication. High degree of integrity and accountability. Thrives in a fast paced office and laboratory environment. Highly proficient in Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Outlook, Gel Electrophoresis, Pipetting, handling of hazardous materials in a laboratory. Displays unprecedented discretion when handling sensitive matters. Ability to focus and pay attention to detail when ensuring accuracy of documentation. Meets and deals effectively with internal and external stakeholders. Team player who can also function as an individual.

Education

University of Maryland, University College, Adelphi, MD
Master of Science, Biotechnology-Bioinformatics Candidate, 2018

Xavier University, Cincinnati, OH, May 2009
Bachelor of Science, Biology
Certificates

Introduction to HTML5 by University of Michigan on Coursera.  Certificate earned on June 2, 2016

Professional Experience:
Serco Inc., Fairfax, VA							July 2013-Present
Analyst
Efficiently processes claims and disbursements analysis in the Death Benefits Processing Unit (DBPU)
Analyzes and processes claims for Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) participants
Consistently updates beneficiary information eligibility, prepares changes of address, and processes direct deposit requests.
Successfully applies appropriate codes established by FRTIB when determining beneficiaries for the accounts of the participants.
Displays exemplary customer service when answering disbursement inquiries from beneficiaries.
Demonstrates expert knowledge when clarifying questions about the TSP program to potential beneficiaries.
Utilizes various conflict resolution techniques when handling customer displeasure.

AppleTree PCS, Washington, D.C.    				      August 2011-May 2013
Lead Teacher
Effectively provided invaluable instruction to Pre-K students in a classroom setting.
Successfully assessed and placed students in appropriate learning environments using Progress Monitoring and Unit assessments.
Proactively catered to each student’s learning needs by differentiating lessons.
Ensured student achievement by developing Differentiated Individual Plans (DIPs).
Utilized prescribed lessons using AppleTree’s Every Child Ready (ECR) curriculum.

City Year/AmeriCorps, Washington, D.C.				     July 2010-June 2011
Community Engagement Project Leader
Facilitated trainings for corps members to create action plans for improving events and assisting our recruitment department
Recruited, trained, and supervised 140 corps members
Created and coordinated the organization’s first inclusive portfolio group in order to unite the corps members and staff
Planned a college and service panel for 11th and 12th grade students at Spingarn to recruit potential corps members for the 2011-2012 corps year
Traveled to high schools and colleges to educate students about City Year through presentations and Career Fairs

City Year/AmeriCorps, New York, NY					Sept. 2009 – June 2010
Resource Communication Corps Member
Effectively taught various core subject areas and consistently provided teaching assistance to lead teachers.
Independently developed and facilitated “social awareness” lesson plans for the afterschool program called “Heroes” that focused on community service.
Provided unprecedented monetary resources by securing donations from corporations and local businesses.
Fostered cooperation and cohesion by researching and applying innovative techniques on teaching a diverse group of learners.
Created informative monthly newsletters.

Xavier University, Cincinnati OH						Sept. 2008 – May 2010
Senior Research, Focus on Animal Behavior
Researched the European Wall Lizard to observe their memory and ability to learn
Responsible for finding and tagging lizards using Radio Frequency Identification (RFID)
Presented findings in a formal presentation at a Senior Symposium
Constructed several mazes made out of LEGO’s
Conducted observational research that concluded European Wall Lizards are able to learn

Army Research Laboratory (ARL), Adelphi, MD
June 2007 – Aug. 2007; June 2008-August 2008
Intern Computational Information Science Directorate
Responsible for troubleshooting networking problems that involved sub-netting
Researched a virtual test bed for the scientific community.
Explored options for transitioning to green technology.
Published an abstract entitled “The Virtual Computer” in the ARL Summer Student Symposium.

Cincinnati Children’s Hospital, Cincinnati, OH 				Oct. 2007 – May 2009
Volunteer
Interacted with patients and their families allowing them to have socialization activities during their extended hospitalization
Planned science projects, arts and crafts, and games for patients and their relatives in two Activity Centers
Selected as a “Bed Rest” volunteer to visit isolated patients.
